chore: Improve docs recipes (#3497)
cloudquery/cloudquery: website/pages/docs/recipes/overview.md

# CloudQuery Recipes

This section provides set of basic examples for variety of cloudquery sources and destinations plugins.

> Note: Source and destinations plugins receipes are seperate in this directory and you will need to combine them to run sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Source and destinations plugins recipes are separate in this directory and you will need to combine them to run sync.
```
